Update document for Creating New Generators section (#33070)
JuliaLang/julia: stdlib/Random/docs/src/index.md

The API is not clearly defined yet, but as a rule of thumb:
1) any `rand` method producing "basic" types (`isbitstype` integer and floating types in `Base`)
   should be defined for this specific RNG, if they are needed;
2) make sure that `copy` is possible for the new generator, otherwise, (i.e. hardware-based RNG ),

>    an error should be thrown;

Reviewer: I suggest instead: "make sure that `copy` is implemented for the new generator when possible, otherwise (e.g. hardware-based RNG), an error should be thrown."

But I'm not convinced that a specific error should be thrown, I believe that the default `MethodError` is enough.
So another way to put it is simply: "`copy` for RNGs should be implemented when possible."
I will let @tpapp comment on whether he thinks more information should be provided.

Reviewer 2: Thanks, I got it. Please let me know if there is something I can do for this.

3) other documented `rand` methods accepting an `AbstractRNG` should work out of the box,

>    (provided the methods from 1) and 2) what are relied on are implemented),

Reviewer: Here point 2) is not relevant for whether `rand` works. I suggest that you move your point 2 at the end of the list, i.e. as point 3, as for the other 2 existing points, it's the API of the `rand` function specifically which is discussed.

   should be defined for this specific RNG, if they are needed;
2) other documented `rand` methods accepting an `AbstractRNG` should work out of the box,
   (provided the methods from 1) what are relied on are implemented),
   but can of course be specialized for this RNG if there is room for optimization;
3) `copy` for pseudo-RNGs should return an independent copy that generates the exact same random sequence as the

>    original from that point when called in the same way. When this is not feasible (eg hardware-based RNGs),

Reviewer: Isn't the norm to spell "e.g." with 2 dots?

Reviewer 2: Sure! Will update the content.

>    `copy` does not need to be implemented.

Reviewer: Sorry to nitpick, but the last sentence sounds superfluous to me: it amouts to say "if it can't be done sensibly, you don't need to do it", it's kinda obvious. But if we insist on clarifying that point, I believe we should say "`copy` _must_ not be implemented".

Reviewer 3: Good point.

Reviewer 2: Thanks to all of you! Point 3 has been modified according to the review.

   should be defined for this specific RNG, if they are needed;
2) other documented `rand` methods accepting an `AbstractRNG` should work out of the box,
   (provided the methods from 1) what are relied on are implemented),
   but can of course be specialized for this RNG if there is room for optimization;

> 3) `copy` for RNGs should be implemented when possible.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
3) `copy` for pseudo-RNGs should return an independent copy that generates the exact same random sequence as the original from that point when called in the same way. When this is not feasible (eg hardware-based RNGs), `copy` does not need to be implemented.
```
